卷3·参考答案

**第一部分 听力（共两节，满分30分）**

1---5 BBABC 6---10 ABCAB 11---15 ABCAA 16---20. CABBC

**第二部分 阅读（共两节，满分50分）**

**第一节（共15小题；每小题2.5分，满分37.5分）**

21/. B 22. B 23. C

24．B 25．C 26．A 27．B

28．A 29．A 30．B 31．D

32．B 33．C 34．A 35．A

**第二节（共5小题；每小题2.5分，满分12.5分）**

36．E 37．A 38．B 39．D 40．C

**第三部分 语言运用（共两节，满分30分）**

**第一节（共15小题；每小题1分，满分15分）**

41．A 42．A 43．B 44．B 45．D 46．A 47．A 48．D 49．C 50．A 51．B 52．B
53．C 54．B 55．A

**第二节 （共10小题；每小题1.5分，满分15分）**

56．with 57．created 58．have been making/have made 59．had started
60．application 61．romantic 62．being replaced 63．internationally
64．which 65．be maintained

**第四部分 写作（共两节，满分40分）**

**第一节（满分15分）**

**【参考范文】**

Dear Mr. Smith,

I am writing to seek your guidance as I'm going to host our school's
upcoming English sitcom competition. What challenges me most is
designing the program cues, especially when it comes to creating smooth
transitions between programs and incorporating appropriate humor.

I have long heard of your expertise in drama and performance, so I
wonder if you could kindly provide me with suggestions on structuring
the program cues effectively and maintaining a lively atmosphere
throughout the competition. Any advice on my hosting work would be
greatly appreciated.

I'm eager for your precious guidance. Looking forward to your early
reply.

Sincerely,

Li Hua

**第二节（满分25分）**

**【参考范文】**

**"The back door is open!" Jeremy cried, uneasiness creeping into his
voice.** "And I can't find Fletch anywhere!" "I think you're right to be
worried," she said, her voice calm yet filled with sympathy. "Fletch may
have slipped out through the open door." "Fletch may slipped out the
door." Jeremy's eyes welled up with tears. "Fletch ran away and it's all
my fault! I left the door open!" he sobbed. Mom wrapped her arms around
Jeremy, offering comfort. They sat together until Jeremy stopped crying.
"Cats are very smart," Mom said gently. "Fletch will probably find his
way home for breakfast."

**The next morning, Jeremy was awoken by a familiar sound --- a loud
"Meow."** He jumped out of bed and ran downstairs, his heart full of
hope. He made his way straight to the back door and pushed it open wide.
There, sitting calmly, was Fletch, licking his paw as he washed his
face. Fletch looked at Jeremy and meowed. Then, without hesitation, he
slipped inside and made his way to his food bowl. Jeremy's heart filled
with relief and joy. He gave Fletch an extra scoop of cat food. "Next
time I'll make sure I close the door nice and tight," Jeremy promised,
his voice filled with determination. "Meow," Fletch replied, seemingly
content and at peace.
