卷1·参考答案

英语·答案及评分标准

**第一部分 听力（共两节，满分30分）**

1---5 BCBAC 6---10 CCBBC 11---15 ABCAA 16---20. BCACB

**第二部分 阅读（共两节，满分50分）**

**第一节（共15小题；每小题2.5分，满分37.5分）**

【答案】21．B 22．D 23．C

【答案】24．D 25．B 26．B 27．D

【答案】28．D 29．C 30．B 31．D

【答案】32．C 33．A 34．B 35．A

**第二节（共5小题；每小题2.5分，满分12.5分）**

【答案】36．D 37．G 38．F 39．E 40．A

**第三部分 语言运用（共两节，满分30分）**

**第一节（共15小题；每小题1分，满分15分）**

41．D 42．C 43．B 44．C 45．A 46．A 47．B 48．C 49．C 50．B 51．A 52．B
53．D 54．B 55．C

**第二节 （共10小题；每小题1.5分，满分15分）**

56． itself 57．widely 58．gathered 59．emotions 60． a 61．on
62．traditional 63． performed 64．is compared 65．and

**第四部分 写作（共两节，满分40分）**

**第一节（满分15分）**

**【参考范文】**

Dear Committee Office,

I, Li Hua, am writing due to a challenge I face with my foreign
roommate. There are significant lifestyle differences causing some
disagreements. Specifically, my roommate often hosts late-night parties,
disrupting my sleep and daily schedule.

I kindly request the office to mediate and suggest setting party rules
or providing separate accommodation options for those with different
lifestyles.

If you could take my opinion into account, I would be grateful.

Yours,

Li Hua

**第二节（满分25分）**

**【参考范文】**

*Suddenly, the bell above the door rang, announcing a new arrival.* A
woman stepped in, holding a small piece of paper in her hand. Emily
approached her with a welcoming smile. "How can I help you?" she asked.
The woman looked around, her eyes widening slightly, before she handed
Emily the paper. It was a list of flowers. She explained that she wanted
to create a bouquet for her daughter, who was graduating and moving to a
new city. Touched, Emily, with her natural compassion, suggested flowers
that symbolized new beginnings and good luck.

*Watching them talk, I couldn't help but reflect on the journey that
brought us here.* This moment proved what Colleen and I aimed for ---
not only to provide employment but also to  cultivate an environment
where our employees could make meaningful contributions, connecting with
customers on a personal level. The woman left the shop with a custom
bouquet, her face beaming with gratitude. Watching her leave, a sense of
pride swelled within me. Our little flower shop served not just as a
commercial venture but also as a guiding light for the community,
symbolizing the remarkable outcomes achievable through determination and
sympathy.
