卷6参考答案

**第一部分 听力（共两节，满分30分）**

1---5 ACBAC 6---10 ACABC 11---15 CAABC 16---20. CBCAB

**第二部分 阅读（共两节，满分50分）**

**第一节（共15小题；每小题2.5分，满分37.5分）**

【答案】21．D 22．A 23．D

【答案】24．C 25．B 26．C 27．D

【答案】28．A 29．C 30．B 31．A

【答案】32．D 33．B 34．C 35．D

**第二节（共5小题；每小题2.5分，满分12.5分）**

【答案】36．F 37．E 38．B 39．G 40．C

**第三部分 语言运用（共两节，满分30分）**

**第一节（共15小题；每小题1分，满分15分）**

【答案】

41．C 42．B 43．D 44．A 45．A 46．D 47．D 48．C 49．C 50．B 51．A 52．D
53．B 54．A 55．B

**第二节 （共10小题；每小题1.5分，满分15分）**

【答案】

56．discovered/uncovered 57．Dating 58．as 59．where 60．to prevent
61．laid 62．original 63．technologically 64．and 65．findings

**第四部分 写作（共两节，满分40分）**

**第一节（满分15分）**

**【参考范文】**

Aiming to explore and appreciate cultural treasures globally, our school
club held an event themed "Amazing Heritage Sites".

We began with a presentation on UNESCO World Heritage Sites, emphasizing
their significance in preserving our shared history. A highlight of the
event was a virtual tour of Dunhuang Caves, guided by a knowledgeable
speaker. This experience was truly enriching, broadening my
understanding of diverse cultural landscapes worldwide and reinforcing
the importance of preserving them for future generations.

In conclusion, the "Amazing Heritage Sites" event deepened my
appreciation for our global heritage. I look forward to more
enlightening experiences organized by our school club.

**第二节（满分25分）**

**【参考范文】**

Where our rusted signpost had once stood was a better one. To my
surprise, the new signpost was beautifully crafted and looked like it
belonged to a modern art exhibit. The pole was sturdy, freshly painted,
and well-aligned, making me wonder who had placed this gift at our
doorstep. With curiosity piqued, I approached it and noticed a note
attached to it --- a simple card with handwritten words: "Sorry for the
accident. I hope this adds a little brightness to your day.
---Audree."  

"You didn't check the back of the signpost, did you?" Ethan greeted me
at dusk. Confused, I walked back to the signpost and turned it around.
Attached delicately to the back was a small potted plant, its green
leaves fresh and vibrant. It was accompanied by a second note, reading,
"Life is full of unexpected turns. Let this plant be a reminder that new
beginnings can blossom from any setback." In that moment, I felt a
warmth spreading through my chest, realizing that kindness from a
stranger had turned a setback into an unexpected blessing.
