卷4参考答案

**第一部分 听力（共两节，满分30分）**

1---5 BABCA 6---10 BACAC 11---15 ABBBA 16---20. CCCBB

**第二部分 阅读（共两节，满分50分）**

**第一节（共15小题；每小题2.5分，满分37.5分）**

21/. C 22. B 23. B

24．B 25．C 26．D 27．A

28．C 29．B 30．A 31．D

32．C 33．B 34．A 35．D

**第二节（共5小题；每小题2.5分，满分12.5分）**

36．C 37．G 38．E 39．F 40．A

**第三部分 语言运用（共两节，满分30分）**

**第一节（共15小题；每小题1分，满分15分）**

41．D 42．C 43．A 44．D 45．A 46．B 47．D 48．A 49．C 50．C 51．D 52．A
53．B 54．D 55．D

**第二节 （共10小题；每小题1.5分，满分15分）**

56．handful 57．known 58．was held 59．accounts 60．what 61．currently
62．the 63．than 64．to apply 65．preserving

**第四部分 写作（共两节，满分40分）**

**第一节（满分15分）**

**【参考范文】**

Last Saturday, the senior three students attended the "Embracing
Yourself" speech contest organized by the Student Union in the school
auditorium. The event, which started at 9 a.m., featured students
sharing personal stories on self-acceptance and growth.

Participants inspired each other with their speeches, promoting a sense
of self-worth and resilience. The event was a success, fostering a
supportive environment and boosting students' confidence to face future
challenges with a positive attitude.

The significance of the event lies in its promotion of a positive
self-image and the encouragement of students to appreciate their
individuality. It was a significant step towards building a supportive
and inclusive school community.

**第二节（满分25分）**

**【参考范文】**

I couldn't believe what I had just heard. My heart was filled with an
overwhelming sense of joy and profound gratitude. I stood there, stunned
for a moment, my eyes wide with astonishment. I thanked Mr. Jatin
repeatedly, unable to contain my excitement. With his support, I could
finally focus entirely on my studies without the burden of financial
worries. I worked even harder, determined not to disappoint him and to
make the most of this precious opportunity.

Having got a well-paid job after graduation, I realized it was time to
pay back. I expressed my appreciation in the most heartfelt way
possible, emphasizing how his kindness had transformed my life. I
decided to help other students in need, just as he had helped me. I set
up a scholarship fund to support those who struggled like I once did. I
was acutely aware of the immense value of a helping hand in times of
difficulty and was eager to pass on the kindness and make a positive
difference in the lives of others.
