卷2·参考答案

**第一部分 听力（共两节，满分30分）**

1---5 AACBB 6---10 BABCC 11---15 AABCA 16---20. BBBBA

**第二部分 阅读（共两节，满分50分）**

**第一节（共15小题；每小题2.5分，满分37.5分）**

21.B 22.B 23.C

24.B 25.C 26.B 27.A

28．C 29．C 30．D 31．A

32．B 33．C 34．D 35．A

**第二节（共5小题；每小题2.5分，满分12.5分）**

36．G 37．A 38．C 39．D 40．F

**第三部分 语言运用（共两节，满分30分）**

**第一节（共15小题；每小题1分，满分15分）**

41．B 42．A 43．D 44．D 45．C 46．A 47．C 48．A 49．B 50．D 51．C 52．B
53．D 54．C 55．A

**第二节 （共10小题；每小题1.5分，满分15分）**

56．gained 57．becoming 58．newly 59．which 60．the 61．was created
62．On 63．involves 64．conditions 65．Chemical

**第四部分 写作（共两节，满分40分）**

**第一节（满分15分）**

**【参考范文】**

【答案】Notice

In order to make the exchange students have a better understanding of
Chinese culture and develop everyone's cultural awareness, the Students'
Union will organize a Chinese Festival on the afternoon of October
9^th^, which will be held in the school hall. Here are some relevant
details about it.

To begin with, various activities will be arranged to experience
traditional Chinese culture, such as paper cutting, kung fu and Chinese
calligraphy. What's more, you will be welcome to enjoy the Peking Opera
performed by our students.

Wish you would like the activities and join us.

**第二节（满分25分）**

**【参考范文】**

After lunch, I was on my own when, out of nowhere, there's Mr. Jackson.
As I walked toward the barn, I thought about how he might still be upset
with me for the goat incident, which happened because I accidentally
unlatched the gate, letting the goats wander into his garden and devour
everything in sight. Despite this, I couldn't help but feel a bit
relieved that he was the first person I saw. I hoped that he had
forgiven me for the chaos that I had unintentionally caused.

Instead, Mr. Jackson yelled, "Great to see you here, Alex! I need your
help with a lamb's birth." Surprised by his enthusiasm, I wondered if he
had forgotten about the damage that I had caused or if he genuinely
needed assistance. As I approached him, I noticed the urgency in his
eyes, which suggested that he really did require my help. Since I had
always been good with technology and coding, assisting with something as
organic as helping a lamb be born felt like a completely new challenge,
one that I was unexpectedly eager to take on, despite my initial
reluctance to be at the farm.The experience of helping bring a new life
into the world was both challenging and rewarding, and it helped ease
some of the tension between Mr. Jackson and me.
